>> Brian Holt: So now we have buffer.
Buffer is going to be correct in terms
of number at this point, but we haven't
actually displayed it on the screen yet,
so we have this lurking variable out here.
In fact,
let's just console log after this,
console.log('buffer', buffer)
>> Brian Holt: So
now I have to come over here and
refresh on this one 2, 5, 3, 1, 7, 0.
That's right, right?
That looks correct.
That's exactly what we want
numbers to look like, but
it's not appearing up here,
cuz we haven't put it there.
Again, the computer is only
gonna do what you tell it to do.
So now after every single time that
someone types or clicks something,
we have to go in there and actually go and
write that out to the screen.
So make sense?
So how are we gonna do that?
>> Brian Holt: So I wanna say document,
or actually we have it up here,
screen, right there.
Screen.innerText = buffer.
Now, hopefully,
is it working for most of you?
>> Brian Holt: So
your best friend's gonna be the console.
If you're not seeing,
you should check out the console and
see if you have some sort of syntax error
or type error or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: So let's do this.
>> Brian Holt: So let's just kind of
briefly run over the code that we wrote
here, so here we're keeping track of
what's on the screen on the buffer.
The running total is actually the number.
We're not using running total yet.
We're just using buffer, and
then I hear I grab screen so
I can keep writing to screen
continuing on line five.
Okay, let's go down look at a init.
>> Brian Holt: If you're doing it like I
am and doing the init function mixture on
line 35 there that you are actually
calling init, if I just defined init and
don't call it it's just a function
that never gets run, right?
>> Brian Holt: If you don't like
that you can also just not make this
a function at all.
>> Brian Holt: Like that.
>> Brian Holt: Oops.
>> Brian Holt: And do that, right.
This works just as well.
>> Speaker 2: You said before that
the init function just gets run once, and
init is like a special
function name right?
>> Brian Holt: It's not.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: That's just
a function here.
That's why you have to call it or
else it never gets run.
To me it's just like self-documenting that
this is what some people actually run at
the beginning of the program.
>> Speaker 2: So it's saying on my
program that value isn't defined.
>> Speaker 2: Can I see that code?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so it's probably
this one up here, value on button click,
which means that you're probably not
passing it in the event listener.
>> Brian Holt: So
if I go down here to the event listener,
I call buttonClick right here
with event.target.Entertext.
>> Brian Holt: At line 31 there.